---
title: "A Fortunate Injury"
date: 2024-04-23
---
No boxer in the history of boxing has had Parkinson's. There is no injury in my brain that suggests that the illness came from boxing. Good evening fellow toastmasters and guests, what I just said was in a sense of strong belief from the greatest boxer of all time, Muhammad Ali himself. I can say that while it might not be as serious as my seemingly menial injury. A dislocated pinky. I believe there is a strong message that can be extracted from many of our unexpected turn of events. When I was in highschool, I enrolled in a special kind of extracurricular {anyone here wants to guess?} called bootcamp. No, this is not a coding bootcamp I am talking about but a physical one. The activities it offers itself are physically challenging, but as a naive student myself, do you think that I would enroll myself to it? The answer is a resounding no! Intuitively, I chose for a more fun choice called physical activity, which again only has fun stuffs like soccer, basketball and much more. Anyways the main point is this fortunate accident offered me a learning experience to both understanding both physical and mental toughness; and it offered me a lifelong friend. Most of the activities that we did was actually just running, doing jumping jacks, burpees and much more. But on a Thursday evening, in another stroke of fortunate luck we were doing Brazillian jiu jitsu; in another stroke of fortunate luck it is not the regular Japanese ones. The difference being it requires a lot of choking, and on that very day he was taunting me by laying down bare back. In my naivety, considering I was physically weaker than him, I tried to reach down and choke him; only to found out that my pinky was dangling down, in a 90 degrees angle to the right. I felt a sudden rush of confusion, but I remembered not feeling much pain at all. If you saw my title, why do you think I call it fortunate? Is it because I managed to choke him?, not really,is it because I got to have a day off?, not really, it is because I am actually friends with him for the rest of my highschool. And I still cant believe how it happened!
